README.md, before:

# speirs.dev

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/3a5730bc-4386-4a96-aaeb-58ab996dabb9/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/afspeirs/deploys)
![GitHub package.json version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/afspeirs/speirs.dev)
[![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/github/license/afspeirs/speirs.dev)](LICENSE)

A website to showcase projects created by [AFSpeirs](https://github.com/afspeirs)

## Install

First install [node](http://nodejs.org), which ships with [npm](https://npmjs.com). Then run:

```bash
npm install
```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the site in the development mode.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

You can also pass `--debug` as an argument to get more verbose output in the terminal

### `npm run build`

Builds the site for production to the `dist` folder.

### Built using

[Gulp](https://gulpjs.com) as the task runner

[Browerify](http://browserify.org) as the bundler

[11ty](https://www.11ty.dev) using [Handlebars](https://handlebarsjs.com) as the templating language

Commit message:

Replaced gulp with webpack (#15)
Reorganised folder structure

* Refactor

Removed nav.js
Restyled site
Refactored site

* Updated header css

* Updated index page

* Removed babelrc file

* Used config file to store paths and port

* Updated README

README.md, after:

# speirs.dev

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/3a5730bc-4386-4a96-aaeb-58ab996dabb9/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/afspeirs/deploys)
![GitHub package.json version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/afspeirs/speirs.dev)
[![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/github/license/afspeirs/speirs.dev)](LICENSE)

A website to showcase projects created by [AFSpeirs](https://github.com/afspeirs)

## Install

First install [node](http://nodejs.org), which ships with [npm](https://npmjs.com). Then run:

```bash
npm install
```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the site in the development mode.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm run build`

Builds the site for production to the `dist` folder.

## Built using

[Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev) as the static site generator

[Handlebars](https://handlebarsjs.com) as the templating language

[Webpack](http://webpack.js.org) as the bundler
